The purpose of this game is to create a gallery shooter type gameplay where you control a player character that resembles a veterinarian who is taking care of their pets. Their pets one day go out of control feral and start to attack her and the only way to return them back to normal is to feed them cake.

the game will have a couple scenes starting with the home screen displaying the current problem with the animals like: "your animals have gone feral! Luckily your leftover birthday cake should set them back to normal... Chop Chop before they overwhelm you!!"
    this home screen will have a start game button which then sends you to Scene 1, the easiest version of the game (?) this scene starts off with just bunnies coming at you. They will be throwing carrots at you and you have to dodge them. Successfully throwing one cake at them will set them to normal and they will get out of your way. Either they will just disappear from the scene or I will change their direction so they walk out of the screen to the left or right. The path of the bunnies will be the longest as they start from a random spot on the top of the screen and go all the way left of the screen before they move down one tile and swap directions going all the way right then down again. But, they will be one of the faster animals since theyre bunnies They keep moving down until they get fed cake or reach the player in which the player automatically loses. Gameplay stops and then game over.
    This first scene will proably be only one wave with around 10 bunnies, bunnies will be stagerred by one or two seconds and they will spawn from a random spot on top of the scene.
In each scene there will be a score at the bottom below the PC, the more animals you feed the higher the score you get. You will also have a health bar with 5 health. Anytime you get hit with an animal's projectile you take 1-2 damage. When you take all 5 damage the game ends. If an animal makes it to where the player is you automatically lose all your health and the game also ends.
    scene 2 will include bunnies and pandas (?), around 20 in total with pandas being one hit to destroy but their throwables do 2 damage. They are also slower than the bunnies but go straight down from where they spawn in.

    Final Scene will include lions(?) as well as all other animals. They are fast and don't have a long path so they are the most dangerous. They have 2 health and their throwables do 2 damage.

Finishing a wave will start a countdown to the next wave then transition you to the next scene with the next wave. After you complete the final wave you will be shown a "good job" message and then return to start screen. In the start screen to begin you will also be prompted to play an unlimited mode where you go until you die and you can reach a high score. I will not be figuring out how to save high scores though (if I do, a number will appear under the unlimited button telling you your high score.) ( A high score is probably not actually that hard to implement)